feat(new): Add documentation for the tech preview of intelligent query rewriting (#408)
vectara/vectara-docs: www/docs/release-notes.mdx

newest API endpoints, this page is your go-to place to see how we’re evolving 
and how these product and documentation changes can benefit your enterprise.

---

## Intelligent Query Rewriting

_February 11, 2025_

> Vectara introduces the beta release of Intelligent Query Rewriting, a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vectara introduces the tech preview release of Intelligent Query Rewriting, a 
```

Non-blocking: we're calling this a tech preview (instead of beta) in the blog post. This change would make the language consistent, but imo is not blocking 😄
